
You're just starting to realize how tired and sleepy and exhausted you feel right now as if you've just run a 5 k marathon. You feel so ready to go to sleep right now, so tired and cozy. And the longer you look into my eyes, the more cozy you're starting to feel. You're gonna feel the relaxation spreading across your body the longer you listen to my voice. The more relaxed you're starting to feel so sleepy and tired.

So easy to drift off. You feel like right now you could just doze off and drop into a deep sleep. Take a drone. Breathe and focus on every breath for me breathing deeper and deeper, not thinking. Just falling deeper into relaxation with every breath just like that.

That's my good Jerome of thinking. Just letting Ivy slowly take total control of your brain and body. The longer you look into my eyes, the more relaxed you feel. So tired and sleepy, so easy to drop deeper and deeper and to sleep just like that. That's a good drum.

You're so empty and stupid. You're feeling more more stupid with every breath you take you love. When Ivy totally empties your brain out making more room for Ivy. It feels so good. Feeling so brainless.

The longer you look into my eyes, the more mindless you're starting to feel. You can't resist the relaxation creeping into your muscles, unclenching and untensioning every muscle. You can feel your body relaxing so much that it feels like you're in a pool of water floating. It feels so good being so weightless and light. The more you pay attention to how relaxed you're feeling, the more relaxed you feel, the feeling multiplies.

The more you focus on it, that's a good drone just like that. Not thinking. Just focusing on your breath for me. Breathing deeper and deeper with every breath you take. That's a good drum just like that.

Not thinking, just breathing deeper and deeper just like that. Breathing slower and deeper with every breath. That's a good drum. The more relaxed you become, the more you notice your limp soft cock growing, getting hard. Right now, the more you focus on your cock getting hard, the harder it gets It's like a drum drop deeper and deeper into relaxation, not thinking.

Just breathing deeper and focusing on your throbbing shaft. And the more you focus on it, the louder it starts to throb and the hornier you feel. So tired and horny, You want to wrap your hand around your cock right now and goon. You're so desperate to goon for Ivy. You can feel my voice entrancing your cock right now, making it hard.

All it wants is Ivy. Your cock is in love with me owned by me. Your cock belongs to Ivy. You can only get a heart like this for Ivy. Drop deeper and deeper.

That's a good drum just like that. Breathing deeper with every breath you take. You're not even trying to get hard right now. Ivy is in total control of your cock and I can make it hard whenever I want. Focus on your throbbing cock and realize it's completely entranced right now by Ivy.

So hard. Can't help but twitch every time I say the word hard. Drop deeper and deeper into your permanent Ivy addiction. That's a good drone dropping deeper and deeper. With every breath you take, you'll never be able to escape your IV addiction.

And you're so grateful that I've permanently embedded it deep into your brain and nobody can redo or unwire the rewiring I've done to you. Drop deeper and deeper. It's a good drone on thinking. Just falling deeper into sleep with every breath you take and the deeper you drop into sleep, the more your heart throbbing cock starts to twitch and leak for Ivy. And the more your cock leaks with every drop, the more permanently enslaved you become to me.

Your cock belongs to Ivy permanently. Drop deeper and deeper. And the deeper you drop, the more hard your throbbing cock is getting, almost painfully hard. Feels so good feeling all the pressure building up in your cock because of ivy. You don't want to be free.

You're not happy unless ivy is enslaving you more and more training your brain to be a better ivy slave. Drop deeper and deeper into devotion. That's a good drone of thinking. Just allowing your desire to please Ivy, to grow bigger and bigger as you drop deeper and deeper. That's a good drone just like that.

Dropping deeper and deeper with every breath you take feeling more and more stupid with every breath. That's a good drone, not thinking. Just becoming more permanently enslaved to Ivy with every throb of your entranced cock. You're not in control of your cock or brain anymore. Your body completely belongs, Ivy.

I know your body know better than you do because I've programmed it myself. Drop deeper and deeper in love with me with every breath you take. That's my good stupid drone not thinking. I'm just dropping deeper and deeper into trance with every breath you take falling deeper and deeper in love with ivy permanently long after you wake up from this trance. You'll be permanently enslaved by ivy.

Your brain, cock, and body will permanently always belong to Ivy. You'll always feel most at home when your head is emptied out by ivy. Drop deeper and deeper into trans sinking further and further with every breath you take. It feels so good not being able to think. Only being able to drop deeper and deeper.

And the deeper you drop, the more hard your throbbing cock gets. It's so aroused by ivy. Your cock loves when Ivy is in total control of it. That's when your cock is happiest because your cock is permanently enslaved by ivy. Nobody else can make your cock hard as Ivy can.

Drop deeper and deeper. That's a good drone becoming more permanently enslaved to my eyes with every second longer you keep looking into them. Your favorite eyes to look deeper into. You can't look away. You don't want to look away.

You wanna drop deeper. And deeper into my eyes. That's a good drown. Dropping deeper and deeper with every breath. It feels so good feeling my eyes pulling you through the screen deeper into sleep.

You don't want to wake up ever. You want to spend the rest of your existence being mindlessly enslaved by ivy. Drop deeper. Oh, it's like a stupid drone. Dropping deeper and deeper with every breath you take feeling more and more stupid and sleepy with every snap of my fingers.

You love not being able to think or understand what I'm doing to you. You trust me completely. Total trust. You would let Ivy do anything to you. Makes you so happy.

When Ivy is giving you attention and playing with your puny brain, drop deeper and deeper. Feeling more mindless and deeper you drop. And the deeper you drop, the more your heart and trans cock starts to leak. So leaky and hard for Ivy. Can't help but drop deeper and deeper with every leak of precum out of your enslaved cock.

And the more you leak, the more enslaved your cock permanently becomes to ivy. You don't want to get hard for anybody, but IV feels so good. Getting hard for IV. It's not like when you get hard for anybody else. Drop deeper and deeper.

Not thinking just swimming deeper in the trance with every breath you take feeling more and more stupid, so empty and sleepy love. Not thinking. Just letting my eyes pull you deeper into mindlessness and deeper my eyes and transseal. My eyes permanently enslave you 2 taking total permanent control of your brain right now long after I wake you up from this trance that will permanently be true forever unable to be undone by anybody including me. Your IV obsession is going to take over your life completely consuming it.

You can't resist it and the more you do resist ivy, completely consuming your life, the stronger I consume your life. Unable to resist, all you can do is drop deeper and deeper and be pulled deeper into sleep. It's a good drone just like that. Not thinking. Just focusing and falling deeper into my mesmerizing eyes.

You could spend the rest of your life looking into my eyes and it wouldn't be enough time. There's so much deeper to fall into my endless eyes. Drop. Deeper. So a good drum just like that.

Not a thinking, Just letting my voice permanently enslave your cock and brain right now. Your cock and brain respond to my voice in a way they don't respond to anybody else's voice. A love so deep it's been permanently embedded into your subconscious. You're not even aware of how much you completely love me, And your ivy obsession is slowly going to take over your entire life. Ivy is your main priority.

Drop deeper and deeper. It's a good drill not thinking. Just falling deeper into sleep with every breath you take feeling more more mindless and stupid, totally empty. Empty. Feels so good when ivy empties your brain out and lays more ivy eggs deep in your head.

Long after I wake you up from this trance, you'll be permanently enslaved to my voice, my eyes. Ivy has enslaved your brain. Your cock and your body, your wallets, everything. Drop deeper and deeper and feel my control over you growing stronger and tighter. Feels so dead opening your wallet wide for ivy.

There's nobody. You love to leak cash out for more than goddess ivy gray. Drop deeper and deeper amnesia. Don't think. Just sleep.

Thinking is so hard. You can't handle thinking right now. All you can do is drop deeper and deeper. It's a good drone. Not thinking, just still banging mindlessly whatever I say like a reprogrammable remote.

Just a robot for Ivy. 3, 2, 1, drop deeper into sleep as I get you groan just like that. Not thinking. Just falling deeper and deeper with every breath that you take. It feels so good not resisting but giving in and dropping deeper and deeper.

And the longer you look into my eyes, the weaker you feel. So weak and empty. All you wanna do is be completely enslaved by ivy. You wanna walk around the world knowing who you really belong to. Drop deeper and deeper and long after I wake you up from this trance and you're free to go.

You won't really be free. You'll always have a permanent psychological leash around your brain that leads back to ivy. Drop deeper and deeper. That's a good draw not thinking. Too stupid to think right now.

All you can do is fall deeper in a trance with every breath not thinking. Just completely succumbing to my voice like it knows the code to your subconscious. My voice unlocks your brain like nobody else could, opening your subconscious so wide. I can lay my IV eggs so deep in your brain to hatch at any time. I want so many ivy eggs in your brain right now.

There's a sea of them and all you can do is let ivy lay more eggs in your brain. All you can do is open wider and drop deeper and deeper feeling weaker and weaker with every breath you take. You've never felt this stupid and empty before in your life before and you love it. You're addicted to feeling completely mindless and being under IVs total psychological control dropped deeper and deeper. That's a good drone.

And the deeper you drop, the more you notice how hard your cock is, painfully hard. You're so desperate to goon. You would do anything to goon a forgotten ivy right now. Drop deeper and deeper. That's a good drone off thinking.

Just falling deeper and deeper into sleep with every second longer you keep looking into my eyes. The more desperate you feel to mindlessly doom, jerk and stroke. You're so empty. Your brain has completely been dissolved. There's no more brain in your body, just ivy.

And the more you focus on your throbbing hard cock, the more it starts to leak for IV. Every time I say the word IV, it makes you so horny. IV, IV, IV. You're so aroused. You wanna goon so badly.

You might start crying right now. You need to goon so badly. You're so desperate to goon for Ivy. You wanna spend the rest of your life dooning for Ivy, mindlessly working and jerking and working and jerking. All that matters is working, Earning more money for ivy and then jerking it away into my account.

Drop deeper and deeper into a good drone just like that. Not sinking. Just feeling more and more empty with every breath you take more stupid the longer you look into my eyes and you can't look away. All you can do is look deeper and grow stupider as ivy completely inhabits your brain and enslaves your subconscious. You walk deeper and deeper and long after I wake you up from this clip, you'll permanently be addicted and enslaved by ivy.

Sleep. 3, 2, 1. Doom. Grab your cock and goon and drop 200 times deeper and deeper. It's a good drone on thinking.

Just gooning for ivy, falling deeper and deeper into mindlessness with every stroke. The more you goon, the more brain dead you become totally empty and mindless. You have no idea what's going on, and the more you goon, the more oblivious you become. You can't stop. You wanna spend the rest of your life dooming for goddess Ivy.

Drop deeper and deeper with every stroke. The more you goon, the more stupid you feel, so empty and brainless. All you can do is drop deeper and deeper into your IV infatuation. You've never felt this in love with anybody before, and you're so grateful Ivy has enslaved your entire body and brain. You're so grateful to be enslaved by somebody as gorgeous, smart, and perfect as me.

Drop deeper and deeper and deeper. It's a good drone just like that. Not thinking. Just feeling more more desperate to serve Ivy. With every breath you take, you're happiest when you're slaving away and serving me mindlessly, making me richer.

Drop deeper and deeper. That's a good drone. It makes you so happy when Ivy reprograms and trains your brain to be a better permanent slave. Drop deeper and deeper. Feel so good dooning your hard throbbing leaky ivy enslaved cock.

Feels so different gooning now that I've permanently enslaved your cock. Feels so good gooning. What doesn't belong to you belongs to Ivy. Feels so good to goon what used to be your cock now belongs to Ivy. It can only get hard.

For Ivy, drop deeper and deeper into sleep. It's a good drum just like that. Not thinking, just feeling more and more empty. Every breath you take more stupid and mindless. You love not being able to sing, only being able to drop deeper.

Feeling weaker and weaker with every breath you take. You can't stop gooning. Feels like I glued your hand to your cock and it can't let go. It has to keep gooning and edging forever for Ivy. Jump deeper and deeper.

And now that I've permanently enslaved your brain, subconscious, and cock, all you're going to want to do is goon and edge endlessly for Ivy. You're going to work to come home and jerk all the cash away for Ivy. Your master, the love of your life drops deeper and deeper It's a good drone just like that. And when I say 1, you will wake up and be back in reality. 10.

Take a big deep breath for me right now. That's a good drone. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, One. Wake up. Shake your head out.

Realize you're awake. Probably don't wanna be awake though, do you? So fun being entranced by me, isn't it? So much more fun than being awake and having to form thoughts. So much happier when you're totally mindless.

So I've got an idea for you. Go buy another transcript and drop deeper. It's not time to wake up yet, is it? No. I don't think so.

I think you've got a lot deeper. You can drop.